additional  faqs (#151)
status-im/status.im: source/build_status/desktop_troubleshooting.md

On Linux metro bundler saves cache to the following directories (can be removed manually):
/tmp/metro-cache-*

### Where do I get Status Desktop?

Nightlies are available from [here](https://status.im/nightly/)

### How do I updgrade?  

> On a mac, Quit Status, download a new nightly, and drag to Applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On a Mac: quit Status, download a new nightly, and drag to the Applications Folder when prompted.
```

> On linux, just download new nightly and make sure it’s named “Status.AppImage”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On linux: just download new nightly and make sure it’s named “Status.AppImage”.
```

### Status crashed and won’t Start. How to fix?

> On a mac, kill `ubuntu-server` in activity monitor and restart Status, restarting your machine should also make it boot if it's hanging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Mac, open your Activity Monitor (Applications > Utilities > Activity Monitor), search for and kill any `ubuntu-server` process and then restart Status. Restarting your machine should also solve the issue.
```

### I see a blank screen on Startup.  How do I fix it?

> On a mac, quit Status, then go to ~/Library/Application Support/ and delete any Status directories. Delete the app in ~/Application. Then reinstall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On a Mac: quit Status, then go to ~/Library/Application Support/ and delete any Status directories. Delete the app in ~/Applications. Then download from the nightlies page and reinstall.
```

> On linux, you should have gnomekeyring package installed to make keychain working. `libgnome-keyring0.so` should be available.  gnome-keyring requires additionally package `libgnome-keyring0` installed on linux system. As alternative currently we also support kWallet keychain, but gnome-keyring was tested more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On linux: you should have the `gnome-keyring` package installed to make your keychain work correctly. `libgnome-keyring0.so` should be available.  `gnome-keyring` also requires the package `libgnome-keyring0` to be installed on your system. As an alternative, we currently also support the `kWallet` keychain, but `gnome-keyring` has been tested more.
```
